MishMash Fractal
Collection of algorithms and UX from several other fractal apps,
hoping to come with a new and interesting display.
My new most favorite app.

The control widgets all work the same way:
* Press and hold to either side of center to affect
  parameter(s) in specified direction and speed.
* Double Tap to toggle Fast versus Slow editing.
  (Red vs Green background color)

Note: Single tap on any widget to give it the FOCUS.
It will gain a red colored border.
Click and drag on the image to apply the movement to the widget.
The widgets' Fast vs Slow edit style affects the movements.

Note: Double tap the image to toggle the control panel visibility.
Note: Pinch the image to control zoom.
Note: in 3D mode, pan with 2 fingers to rotate the image.
      Single tap the image to stop the rotation.

A. The app Flam3 uses a weighted random function to select which
   algorithm is used every cycle.
   This app instead uses a simple grammar, where the characters in
   a 1-12 character string specify which algorithm is used.
   The grammar string is repeated as necessary during a
   256 cycle drawing session.
   Press on the grammar string to launch the grammar editor dialog.

B. The grammar string selects from 4 algorithms for each cycle.
   These 4 groups hold all the data for each algorithm.
   Press on the function name to launch the function selection dialog.
   The functions themselves come from the Flam3 app.
C. (T)ranslation
D. (S)cale
E. (R)otation affect the function output after every cycle.

On fractalforums.org, user 3DickUlus posted a beautiful image
   with the fragment shader attached.
   I copied the algorithm into this app to do some experimentation.

F. Multiplier
G. EscapeRadius
H. StripeDensity  are all parameters to 3DickUlus' coloring algorithm.
   Check out the shader code for usage.

I. Contrast
J. Shadow  are two effects I added myself.

K. Random  randommly select all data fields.
   Keep clicking until you come across a configuration that produces an image..

L. Color R,G,B  affect the relative coloring
M. Launch the Save/Load dialog.
N. Move : Scroll the image in X/Y.
O. Zoom : Zoom into the fractal. You can also Pinch the image to Zoom.
P. Rnd G : Randomize just the grammar string
Q. Res :  Toggle hi / low resolution
   Existing Bug: is Hi Res mode, sometimes the 3D rotation gesture doesn't work.

R. "Auto"  Toggle autoMove.
   Widget values are all swept around by small, slow sine waves.
   Each time you turn this 'On' the speed and radius
   of each sine wave is randomized.

S. "Email"  Email image.  Got any friends? (I don't).
   You can email them the parameters for the current image to their MishMash app.

T. Load the next saved image (round-robin).

U. 3D : Toggle 3D view on/off.  Sorry, but 3D view is only 256x256 pixels.
V. Height : Adjust the height of each 3D pixel.
W. Stereo :
   Image is rendered twice, for 'cross-eyed' 3D viewing.
   With the iPad held two feet away, slightly cross your eyes so that there
   is a third image in the middle.
   Relax your gaze, and concentrate only on that middle image, which is in 3D.




